JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight, the
focus is on
our pocketbooks.
With the latest jobs numbers, we
compare the
presidential candidates'
approaches to the
economy.
Then: combating the wave of
children soldiers
being recruited by ISIS, while
dealing with
the trauma left in the terror
group's wake.
RANIA, Mother (through
translator): He was
telling me all the time, "I will
be a suicide
bomber," and he was so happy,
but he didn't
know what it meant.
This is what scared me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it's Friday.
David Brooks and Ruth Marcus
take on another
week of political roller
coasters.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's been just
one week since
the Democratic Convention ended,
and Hillary
Clinton has surged to big leads
over Republican
Donald Trump in virtually every
national poll.
Today, new numbers put her ahead
by as much
as 15 points, and found her
trying to win
over doubters.
Hillary Clinton ended the week
on a high note,
but she acknowledged today that
many voters
say they still don't trust her.
She spoke to black and Hispanic
journalists
in Washington.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
It doesn't make me feel good
when people say
those things, and I recognize
that I have
work to do.
I'm going to work my heart out
in this campaign
and as president to produce
results for people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: At the same time,
Clinton secured
a major endorsement from former
acting CIA
Director Mike Morell.
He wrote in The New York Times
that Donald
Trump has no experience in
national security,
and, worse yet -- quote -- "The
character
traits he has exhibited during
the primary
season suggest he would be a
poor, even dangerous,
commander in chief."
Morell said Trump's praise of
Russian President
Vladimir Putin suggests he's
become a -- quote
-- "unwitting agent of the
Russians."
But on NBC this morning,
Republican vice presidential
nominee Mike Pence dismissed the
Morell endorsement.
GOV.
MIKE PENCE (R-IN), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
Truthfully, honestly, the
comment by the former
CIA official, I suppose this is
the same CIA
that told the president that
ISIS was the
J.V. team.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The
back-and-forth came as
Trump admitted he'd been
mistaken in saying
he'd seen video of Iranians
unloading a U.S.
cash payment this year around
the same time
four Americans were freed from
Iranian prisons.
Today, Trump tweeted: "The plane
I saw on
television was the hostage plane
in Geneva,
Switzerland, not the plane
carrying $400 million
in cash going to Iran."
Later, Trump and Pence linked up
in Des Moines,
Iowa, as they work to rally the
heartland
against Clinton.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
If Hillary Clinton becomes
president, you
will have -- you will have
terrorism, you
will have problems, you will
have really,
in my opinion, the destruction
of this country
from within.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Trump also holds
a rally in
Green Bay, Wisconsin, this
evening, amid reports
he's about to reverse himself,
and endorse
House Speaker Paul Ryan in his
primary election,
after all.
But intraparty divisions will
still be on
display, with Wisconsin's top
Republican officials.
Ryan, U.S. Senator Ron Johnson,
and Governor
Scott Walker all planning to be
somewhere
else instead.
In the day's other news: July
proved to be
a healthy month for hiring by
U.S. employers.
The Labor Department reports a
net gain of
255,000 jobs for the month.
The unemployment rate stayed at
4.9 percent,
as more people entered the work
force and
nearly all were hired.
We will take a deeper look at
the economy
in this presidential campaign
year right after
the news summary.
The jobs report gave Wall Street
a big boost,
leading to their biggest gains
in almost a
month.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 191
points to close at 18543.
The Nasdaq rose nearly 55 points
and the S&P
500 added 18.
Authorities in Chicago released
video today
from the fatal shooting of a
black teenager
by police last week.
Paul O'Neal was mortally wounded
during a
car chase.
The clips show police firing
multiple times
at the speeding car, and then
chasing O'Neal
on foot.
Officers can be heard saying
they thought
they'd been shot at first, but
no gun was
found.
In South Africa, tonight, the
ruling African
National Congress is facing its
worst electoral
defeat since it ended white
minority rule
in 1994.
Results from local elections
show the group
losing control of the city of
Port Elizabeth
and possibly of Johannesburg and
Pretoria.
It's driven by a poor economy
and alleged
corruption.
MAN (through translator): You
saw how the
ANC performed in the township
here.
Nothing seems to progress, but
go and see
how they stay in top hotels, and
at the end
of the day, they give us
T-shirts and no service
delivery.
JUDY WOODRUFF: These local
results could foreshadow
trouble for the ANC in national
elections
coming in 2019.
There's word that Islamic State
fighters have
captured some 3,000 villagers in
Northern
Iraq.
The U.N. Refugee Agency reports
that it happened
Thursday as the refugees were
trying to reach
shelter in Kirkuk.
U.N. officials say ISIS
militants are using
the Iraqis as human shields
against attacks
by government forces.
And it's officially opening
night at the Summer
Olympics in Brazil.
The run-up in Rio de Janeiro has
been marked
by political and economic
turmoil, and worries
about Zika and pollution.
Even today, the Olympic torch
was forced to
detour after thousands of
protesters blocked
the Copacabana Beach Boulevard.
They were calling for the
interim president's
removal.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
contrasting
the presidential candidates'
plans to boost
the economy; children recruited
into brutal
ISIS missions; Hillary Clinton's
statements
on the e-mail investigation in
context; and
much more.
Today's U.S. jobs report was
largely seen
as a solid one, and in many
respects better
than economists had predicted.
For the year so far, the economy
is gaining
about 185,000 jobs a month.
But for many Americans who have
seen slow
wage growth for years, the
recovery doesn't
yet feel like one, and both
presidential nominees
are speaking to that.
Donald Trump has proposed tax
cuts across
the board, including for the
wealthy, as well
as new tariffs and escalating
battles over
trade.
Trump will be laying out more
about his proposals
on Monday, but he told voters in
Ashburn,
Virginia, this week that his
ideas would boost
the economy.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
This is the third straight
quarter that the
economy has grown under 2
percent and is the
single weakest, weakest of any
economic expansion
in more than 70 years.
Household incomes are more than
$4,000 lower
than their levels in the year
2000.
Think of it, household incomes
-- you're now
making $4,000 less now than you
did 16, 17
years ago.
Another one that's very common
and out there,
people, many people in this
room, but people
are making, in terms of real
wages, less money
today than they made 18 years
ago.
And they're working two jobs in
many cases.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For her part,
Hillary Clinton
has also tried to address
economic anxiety
and persistent concerns over
stagnation.
Her plan is quite different.
She's been making the case at
her rallies
for an agenda that includes tax
hikes on the
wealthiest, a higher minimum
wage nationwide,
and new tuition aid in higher
education.
In Las Vegas yesterday, she
joined Senator
Harry Reid and called for a big
boost in spending
on infrastructure.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
We are going to create more good
jobs with
rising incomes.
We're going to have the biggest
investment
in new jobs that we have had
since World War
II.
Now, how are we going to do
that?
Well, number one, we are going
to do exactly
what Harry said.
We are going to have an
investment in infrastructure,
our roads, our bridges, our
tunnels, our ports,
our airports.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: For
every billion
dollars, we get 47,500 jobs.
And they are mostly good union
jobs with a
good middle-class income.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, now let's
look deeper
into what the candidates are
proposing, as
part of our coverage looking
more closely
at the issues.
Jared Bernstein is an informal
adviser to
the Clinton campaign.
He was a former economic adviser
to Vice President
Biden.
He's now at the Center on Budget
and Policy
Priorities.
Stephen Moore is a senior
economic adviser
to the Trump campaign, and a
fellow at the
Heritage Foundation.
He's a former member of the
editorial board
of The Wall Street Journal.
And we welcome both of you back
to the program.
Stephen Moore, let me start with
you.
I want to get from both of you
your quick
take on today's jobs report.
On the surface, most of the
reaction, Stephen
Moore, has been, this is
positive, 255,000
jobs in the month of July, but
Donald Trump
painting a dark picture here.
What's your take?
STEPHEN MOORE, Trump Campaign
Adviser: No,
I think he's painting a
realistic picture.
If you look at what has happened
to incomes,
the Census Bureau just came out
with a report
recently shows that the median
family in America,
the part of the middle class,
has actually
lost income during this
recovery.
We haven't ever seen a recovery,
at least
since the Great Depression,
when, during a
recovery, people lost income.
By the way, if you're losing
income, you are
in a personal recession, so a
lot of people
don't think there has been much
of a recovery
at all.
The other statistic that came
out in recent
days was this 1 percent growth
rate for the
last six months.
That's a dreadful number.
And, look, the other thing is
just ask the
American people how they feel
about the economy.
Are you confident about it?
How are your own personal
finances?
And all of those statistics show
people are
extremely concerned and they're
financially
stressed out.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me get
your take
on the jobs report, and if you
want to respond
to what he just said, Jared
Bernstein.
JARED BERNSTEIN, Clinton
Campaign Economic
Adviser: It was a positive jobs
report, another
in a series of those reports.
The unemployment rate, at 4.9
percent, is
low.
And while Stephen was talking
about numbers
that go up to 2014 -- that's the
most recent
Census Bureau number -- if you
actually look
more recently, you do find wages
growing,
and not just growing at the
middle -- and
I'm talking about in real terms,
adjusted
for inflation -- but actually
growing even
more quickly at the bottom.
By the way, one of the reasons
is because
a lot of states have increased
their minimum
wages.
So, Steve's data is a little bit
out of date
there.
However, if you do take the
long-term picture
-- and I think Donald Trump went
back to the
year 2000 -- you will definitely
find structural
problems in the economy that
persisted.
And I put them under the rubric
of inequality.
That is, GDP has grown, but not
enough of
that growth has reached the
middle class.
That's a message, by the way,
that you will
hear from both candidates.
STEPHEN MOORE: And, by the way,
there has
been -- the biggest increase in
inequality
has actually been in the last
seven years,
which is ironic, because Donald
Trump has
made income inequality a big
issue.
JARED BERNSTEIN: That's
factually incorrect.
STEPHEN MOORE: Yes, if you look
at what the
Gini coefficient, which I don't
want to get
into, but it looks at what
happens with inequality,
the top 1 percent and everybody
else.
That has actually gone up.
(CROSSTALK)
JARED BERNSTEIN: Inequality's
actually been
stable...
(CROSSTALK)
JARED BERNSTEIN: ... since 2007.
JUDY WOODRUFF: OK.
(CROSSTALK)
STEPHEN MOORE: The top 10
percent have done
very well, the 90 percent not
much.
JARED BERNSTEIN: That, we agree
on.
JUDY WOODRUFF: OK.
You do agree.
STEPHEN MOORE: Even Bernie
Sanders says that.
(CROSSTALK)
JARED BERNSTEIN: If you want to
talk about
the job market, the job market
has actually
generated real wage gains in
recent months,
really over the past few
quarters.
Now, that's not enough to make
up for...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Let me ask you
both.
I want to get to the proposals
by these two
candidates.
And, Stephen Moore, to you first
on jobs.
Hillary Clinton is talking about
a major jobs
program, creating jobs, mainly,
we heard her
say, through infrastructure,
10.4 million
jobs, she says, we're going to
see.
What's wrong with that plan?
STEPHEN MOORE: You mean
Hillary's plan?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Yes.
STEPHEN MOORE: OK.
So, look, I think it's very
easy.
It sounds very familiar.
She's talking about raising the
minimum wage,
more shovel-ready projects for
infrastructure
and more taxes increased on the
rich.
Gee, where have we heard that
before?
It's exactly what Obama came in
with seven-and-a-half
years ago.
And we have seen the results.
It hasn't worked.
Jared was there.
He was part of the stimulus
plan, one of the
biggest wastes of money we have
ever had in
this country.
And all we have got is $8
trillion of debt
to show for it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A waste of money?
JARED BERNSTEIN: No, I mean, we
could definitely
re-debate the stimulus plan.
I think it's widely agreed upon
by economists
of all stripes that really...
STEPHEN MOORE: Not any
conservative economists.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let's let
him...
JARED BERNSTEIN: Yes, that that
was instrumental
in getting us to recovery.
But I think that when it comes
to the kind
of agenda that Hillary Clinton
is talking
about, it's actually structured
to do precisely
what needs to be done in the
context of our
conversation, which is help the
middle class
reconnect to the growing
economy.
We have GDP growth.
I agree that it's too slow, but
we're doing
actually better than most other
advanced economies.
And in order to make that growth
reach the
middle class, we're going to
have to make
the kinds of investments she's
talking about,
whether it's college, or
preschool, raising
the minimum wage, green
investment infrastructure.
These are the connective tissue
kinds of ideas
that will help.
What won't help -- and here I
want to engage
Steve on this -- is a tax cut
that's heavily
tilted towards the wealthy.
What that will do is further
exacerbate the
inequality problem and take away
the revenues
we need to make the investments
that have
to be forthcoming.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And let's get to
that.
What is Donald Trump's answer
for jobs, for
making sure more people have
good-paying jobs?
STEPHEN MOORE: Well, I think the
heart of
the plan is this business tax
cut.
And this will be taking America
from having
the highest business tax rate in
the world
to one of the lowest.
And I think almost everyone
agrees we should
do this, except maybe Barack
Obama and Hillary
Clinton.
You bring those businesses taxes
-- and, by
the way, not just big
businesses, but also
small businesses from the career
corner grocer
to the start-up in Silicon
Valley.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: But all the way
up the income
scale, just to be...
(CROSSTALK)
STEPHEN MOORE: No, we're talking
businesses.
JUDY WOODRUFF: OK.
STEPHEN MOORE: For businesses,
they're going
to pay -- look, where do jobs
come from?
They come from healthy
businesses.
Without healthy businesses,
you're not going
to get jobs.
And the evidence is very clear
that when businesses
invest more -- and if you look,
Judy, in the
last year, this is maybe the
killer statistic
for the economy -- businesses
are not investing.
It's negative for the last year.
When they invest more, wages go
up.
That's the key.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Do you want to
answer that
specific point?
JARED BERNSTEIN: When I look at
the plan that
Steve just described, to me, it
solves the
following problem.
America -- American
corporations, American
multinationals aren't rich
enough.
The corporate sector isn't doing
well enough.
That's the problem these guys
seem to be trying
to solve.
And, by the way, the team that
was announced
today is all guys.
In fact...
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean the
Trump economic
team.
JARED BERNSTEIN: The Trump
economic team.
In fact, none of that helps the
middle class.
You can go cut corporate taxes
all day, but
what we have seen over the past
10 years is
corporate profitability has been
one sector
of the economy that has done
extremely well,
while, as I said earlier, that
growth isn't
reaching the middle class.
So, how you would then conclude
that what
we need to do is actually be
even kinder to
our corporations and cut their
taxes further,
it seems to me to be completely
upside-down.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you answer
that?
STEPHEN MOORE: So, this is a
central distinction
between those on the left and
the right.
It is true corporations are
profitable.
They have become lean and
efficient.
It's amazing corporations can
make money in
this environment, but they do.
The problem has been -- and I
think most economists
agree -- they're sitting on
their balance
sheets with like $2 trillion.
What's not happening to grow the
economy is
they're not re-injecting that
money into investment.
They're not investing in plant,
in equipment,
in computers.
Those are the kinds of things
you need if
you want jobs.
And you ask them why they aren't
investing.
And they say two things.
The taxes are too high and the
regulations
are strangling themselves.
We have seen businesses move out
of the United
States.
You have reported on this,
Burger King, Medtronic,
Johnson Controls, Walgreens,
major companies,
and they say they're leaving
because taxes
are too high.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Would you like to
come back
on that?
JARED BERNSTEIN: I agree with
some of that.
I very much agree with this
point that we're
not seeing the kind of business
investment
record that we should.
But it has nothing to do with
taxes and regulations.
And, in fact, the cost of
borrowing is the
lowest it's been.
It's extremely low.
STEPHEN MOORE: But try getting a
loan.
JARED BERNSTEIN: I'm talking
about the after-tax
costs.
So, it can't possibly be that
somehow goosing
this process by lowering taxes
even further
-- so what we need to do, if the
private sector
is failing to invest the way we
need them
to, the public sector must pick
up the slack.
And that's why this
infrastructure idea that
you hear Hillary Clinton talking
about, it's
part of her 100-day plan, hit
the ground running
with a deep dive into
infrastructure investment.
That will solve a lot of what's
ailing us,
in my view.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right,
there's much more
to talk about.
We're going to be coming back to
this time
and again over the course of
this election.
But you have gotten us started
tonight.
And we thank you very much.
STEPHEN MOORE: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stephen Moore,
Jared Bernstein,
thank you.
JARED BERNSTEIN: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
David Brooks
and Ruth Marcus take on the
week's news; plus,
a wild saga recounts the 1970s
kidnapping
of American heiress Patty
Hearst.
But, first: For centuries,
children have been
used as weapons of war.
Today's conflict in Syria is no
exception.
ISIS has recruited and exploited
children
in Syria and Iraq, using them as
soldiers,
informants and even
executioners.
"NewsHour" special correspondent
Marcia Biggs
brings us a profile of one
former ISIS child
solder, and his deep emotional
scars.
And a warning: This report
contains material
that may be disturbing to some
viewers.
MARCIA BIGGS: The images are all
over the
Internet, children growing up in
the ranks
of armed groups in the war in
Syria.
This child in an ISIS propaganda
video beheads
a Syrian regime soldier.
These children execute captured
soldiers in
the ancient city of Palmyra.
According to a study published
by Georgia
State University, it's a
phenomenon that's
playing out on all sides of the
conflict,
with almost 1,000 children in
the last three
years showing up in online
eulogies, calling
kids martyrs, having died for
the cause.
And those are only the ones
whose videos made
it to the Internet.
Riyad Al-Najem represents one of
only a handful
of small local organizations
trying to combat
this problem inside Syria,
visiting families
one by one.
RIYAD AL-NAJEM, Syria: In some
areas, the
main reason of child recruitment
is poverty.
Parents can't find food for
their children,
so they push them into armed
groups to get
money and food.
In other areas, it's about
culture.
Parents consider that their
children have
become men, and they should
carry weapons,
that it's not acceptable for a
child of his
cousin holding a weapon and he's
not.
MARCIA BIGGS: In Idlib province,
activists
from the group Children Not
Soldiers hang
signs and spray-paint graffiti
to create awareness.
The U.N. has a campaign of the
same name,
but has not yet been able to
gain a foothold
here.
Fighting recruitment of children
is an uphill
battle within a brutal war.
And no activists can work in
highly radicalized
areas, where a sinister form of
manipulation
is used as ammunition.
We met Ibrahim and his mother,
Rania, in a
hotel in Southern Turkey.
They were too afraid of ISIS
sleeper cells
to meet elsewhere.
We can't show you their faces.
Before the revolution, Ibrahim
loved math
and dreamed of being an
aeronautical engineer.
His father was killed by a
sniper in 2012,
leaving his mother alone with
three children.
Ibrahim was 13 years old when
ISIS took his
town of Deir el-Zour, and
enlisted him and
his friends.
IBRAHIM, Former ISIS Soldier
(through translator):
They started to recite verses
from the Koran,
speeches from Mohammed.
They said they were the real
Islamic State
and would fulfill all the
obligations of Islam.
They came to us and said, you
will be martyrs
and you will earn paradise and
virgins.
MARCIA BIGGS: He says he began
as an informer,
and then graduated to weapons
training.
IBRAHIM (through translator):
They had me
be a rat for the people who
smoked, who didn't
go to mosque.
They forced me to follow the
women who didn't
wear the right clothes and bring
them in from
the street.
Sometimes, they brought captive
soldiers,
and they told us, if you want to
kill any
of these prisoners, you are
allowed to kill
them.
MARCIA BIGGS: His mother says
ISIS began a
form of brainwashing.
RANIA, Mother (through
translator): He thought
he became a man.
they told him, this will make
you a real man
and you will enter paradise.
Leave everything behind you and
follow us,
and we will take care of
everything.
We will take care of your
family.
MARCIA BIGGS: Do you think he
felt proud?
RANIA (through translator): Yes.
At the beginning, yes, he was
very happy.
He felt like a man and he was
learning about
weapons, but he didn't know the
consequences
of these actions.
MARCIA BIGGS: They say he never
hurt anyone,
but his snitching had deadly
consequences,
when the punishment for even
small crimes
can be death.
IBRAHIM (through translator):
All the children,
they forced them to watch
beheadings.
Even if they cut the head of a
father, they
made the child watch.
MARCIA BIGGS: How did you feel
when you heard
that your son was forced to
watch a public
execution?
RANIA (through translator): I
wanted to have
a plane to take my family and
fly away.
I can't handle this.
A person can't live like this.
They brainwashed my child.
They told him the way to
paradise was through
them.
He tried to get out of it by
telling them,
I am the eldest son, the family
breadwinner.
They told him, come join us and
we will take
care of your family.
But they're lying.
They don't give anyone anything.
But he gravitated to them.
MARCIA BIGGS: Rania says ISIS
fighters came
to the door every morning and
her son would
disappear for eight or nine
hours per day.
RANIA (through translator): He
was attracted
to them.
He started to think like them,
to think their
way.
If he stayed home, they would
come and take
him, and I couldn't say no.
I couldn't control him.
I couldn't confront him.
MARCIA BIGGS: Did you feel like
you were losing
your boy?
RANIA (through translator): Yes.
MARCIA BIGGS: What was your
worst fear?
RANIA (through translator): I
was afraid they
would take him like they took
many children,
young people, and he would not
come back.
Many friends and relatives of
mine, their
children were taken to fight in
battles, and
they didn't come back.
MARCIA BIGGS: Rania finally
decided to flee
with her family, ending up here
in a border
town in Southern Turkey.
But she couldn't keep her son
from contacting
ISIS back home.
After two months, Ibrahim
announced he was
returning to Syria to be a
fighter.
IBRAHIM (through translator): I
threatened
them.
I told them, I will do this.
You will wake up in the morning,
and you will
not find me in the house.
For me, it was impossible to
leave them.
It was my way to force them to
come with me.
MARCIA BIGGS: Going and fighting
with ISIS
was more important to you than
your family?
IBRAHIM (through translator):
Yes, it was
stronger, and I was controlled
by them completely.
MARCIA BIGGS: Rania says she had
to make the
most difficult decision of her
life to return
to Syria.
RANIA (through translator): I
had to do it.
The only choice I had was to
keep him under
my eyes.
Before we left the first time,
he was telling
me all the time, "I will be a
suicide bomber,"
and he was so happy, but he
didn't know what
it meant.
This is what scared me.
MARCIA BIGGS: Once they got
back, Ibrahim
did put his name on a list to be
a suicide
bomber, with other children as
young as 12
years old.
But, eventually, he became
disillusioned.
IBRAHIM (through translator): We
really wanted
to become suicide bombers, and
we put our
names on the list.
But then we saw what happened to
the people
that came before us.
No one took care of their
families.
So we took our names off the
list.
MARCIA BIGGS: No longer trusted,
Ibrahim was
imprisoned for several days, and
what he saw
sealed his disillusionment.
IBRAHIM (through translator): I
saw people
tortured, hanged from their
hands for 40 days.
One was crucified upside down,
hanged from
his legs.
What I have seen in prison, I
have seen how
they tortured people in a cruel
way, no limits
to the torture, the sight of
young children
playing with the severed heads.
These sights will make this
generation a cruel
generation.
MARCIA BIGGS: Finally, Rania was
able to convince
him to leave again, and they
endured another
dangerous and arduous journey
back to Turkey.
Just as we were sitting down
with Ibrahim
and his mother, we found cell
phone video
of this boy, only 12 years old.
He says ISIS trained him for 15
days and then
took him and eight other boys to
the front
line in Mar'a.
In a battle with the Free Syrian
Army, he
is the only one of the boys who
lived.
Now he is a prisoner of war, but
still bargains
like a child.
BOY (through translator): Just
let me out.
I won't go back to ISIS.
I just want to go back to my
family.
I won't tell my dad anything bad
about the
Free Syrian Army.
MARCIA BIGGS: It's a fate
Ibrahim narrowly
avoided, and with no
psychological help for
her son, Rania still worries.
RANIA (through translator):
Every night, I
cry myself to sleep.
I took the cell phone away from
him.
Now he uses only my phone, and I
see everything
that he does.
MARCIA BIGGS: Here in Southern
Turkey, we
weren't able to find any
substantive programs
to deal with children like
Ibrahim coming
out of radicalized areas.
But we did find small places
like this center,
where the imam says he's trying
to teach kids
what he calls the real Islam.
What kind of trauma are you
seeing, and how
do you help them?
SHEIKH ZAHARIYA AL MASAOUD, Imam
(through
translator): By taking care of
them, being
nice to them, loving them,
trying to integrate
them into their community,
giving them what
they were missing in Syria, they
will come
back to normal step by step.
MARCIA BIGGS: The imam and his
staff may be
doing the best they can, but
some of these
kids are severely traumatized.
We spoke with this 13-year-old
girl about
the horrors she witnessed.
WOMAN (through translator): If
someone can't
fast during Ramadan, they would
lock them
up for the whole Ramadan.
Then, when they let them out,
they pour honey
on them and leave them outside
for the wasps.
MARCIA BIGGS: We didn't see any
older children
Ibrahim's age, even though we
had been told
children were coming here to be
rehabilitated.
SHEIKH ZAHARIYA AL MASAOUD
(through translator):
The ones we are teaching now are
very young.
They didn't get to the age where
the terrorist
organizations would be
interested in them.
Those who are old enough to be
members of
terrorist organizations are
mostly dead, because
the terrorist organizations kill
them or send
them to the front line to die.
MARCIA BIGGS: Too old to be
considered a kid
still worth saving, yet having
escaped the
fate of most boys his age,
Ibrahim is in a
vacuum.
But he says he will never go
back to ISIS.
IBRAHIM (through translator):
It's impossible
that I would go back to them.
I am against them now.
And I would join anyone who is
fighting against
them.
MARCIA BIGGS: You're just a kid,
though.
Do you want to just be a kid, be
in school,
play football?
IBRAHIM (through translator):
Yes, of course,
but after all we have seen,
after all the
torture I saw in prison, all the
kids they
killed, we don't have any other
options.
MARCIA BIGGS: He may have
escaped, but the
effects of the cruelty remain.
And he and his mother walk off
into a future
where they are completely on
their own.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Marcia Biggs in
Sanliurfa, Southern Turkey.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now, the
latest installment
in our Candidates in Context
series, where
we go behind the headlines to
explain what's
happening and why.
Tonight, the latest
back-and-forth over Hillary
Clinton's private e-mail server.
Lisa Desjardins has that.
LISA DESJARDINS: Two years in on
Hillary Clinton's
e-mails, what was new today?
An important change in her words
about truth,
and specifically on this
statement she made
Sunday about FBI Director James
Comey, and
her e-mail.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
Director Comey said that my
answers were truthful,
and that what I have said is
consistent with
what I have told the American
people.
LISA DESJARDINS: OK, now her
words today.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Director
Comey had
said that my answers in my FBI
interview were
truthful.
That's really the bottom line
here.
LISA DESJARDINS: The difference,
these words:
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: In my
FBI interview.
LISA DESJARDINS: Before, Clinton
had implied
that Comey had backed up all of
her statements,
not just what she said behind
closed doors
to the FBI.
She seemed to admit a mistake.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: I may
have short-circuited
it, and, for that, I will try to
clarify.
LISA DESJARDINS: In fact, last
month, Comey
testified that some things
Clinton said before
Congress and in public were
false.
REP.
TREY GOWDY (R), South Carolina:
Secretary
Clinton said there was nothing
marked classified
on her e-mails either sent or
received.
Was that true?
JAMES COMEY, FBI Director:
That's not true.
There were a small number of
portion markings
on, I think, three of the
documents.
LISA DESJARDINS: In other words,
Clinton's
statements that nothing on her
server was
marked classified were wrong,
which brings
us to another thing about
today's comments,
what we know about the e-mails.
Clinton estimated 60,000 to
70,000 e-mails
went through her private server
when she was
secretary of state.
About half were deleted.
She says they were personal.
Looking at the rest, some
30,000, the FBI
found 110 that contained
information classified
at the time.
That is different than Clinton's
original
assertion.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: There is
no classified
material, so I'm certainly well
aware of the
classification requirements.
LISA DESJARDINS: Later, she
added the phrase
marked classified.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: I never
sent or received
any material marked classified.
LISA DESJARDINS: So, back to
those e-mails.
Of those 110 that had classified
information,
the FBI says three did contain
classified
markings.
But Clinton points out today
that those marks,
the letter C, were lower in the
documents.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: In
questioning, Director
Comey made the point that the
three e-mails
out of the 30,000 didn't have
the appropriate
markings.
And it was therefore reasonable
to conclude
that anyone, including myself,
would have
not suspected that they were
classified.
LISA DESJARDINS: Did Comey say
that?
JAMES COMEY: I think it's
possible, possible
that she didn't understand what
a C meant
when she saw it in the body of
the e-mail
like that.
LISA DESJARDINS: That leaves two
questions.
Was Hillary Clinton truthful
when she said
none of her e-mails were marked
classified?
No.
Three out of 30,000 were marked
classified.
And did she intentionally lie to
Congress
about that?
Well, that is a matter for
debate.
Comey has not given an opinion.
But Republicans in the House
have asked him
and the FBI to investigate.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And that brings
us to the analysis
of Brooks and Marcus.
That's New York Times columnist
David Brooks
and Washington Post columnist
Ruth Marcus.
Mark Shields is away.
Hello to both of you.
So, we're going to get to
Hillary Clinton
and the e-mails in just a
moment.
David, let me start with Donald
Trump and
the rough week that he's had.
How do you size it up?
I don't know even know where to
begin, whether
it's with the Khan family or
something else.
What do you see when you look
back at this
week for Donald Trump?
DAVID BROOKS: Let's stick with
the top 150
gaffes, and that will limit our
time.
(LAUGHTER)
DAVID BROOKS: I think the
significant thing
is the shift not so much in
Trump's personality
-- he's been doing this kind of
stuff a lot
-- it's concentrated maybe this
week -- but
the shift in the polls.
I think, finally, if you have 47
bad weeks
in a row, on week 47, people
begin to notice.
And so this is the first time --
we have been
saying, he goes too far, this
will really
hurt him, and nothing has hurt
him.
But now he's really been
hurting, and nationally,
not only in a post-convention
bump for the
Democrats, but I think some
evidence of sustained
support.
National, Clinton is up by 6, 7
points, if
you average all the polls
together.
But I think the significant
thing is, if you
begin to look at the state
polls, and what's
Trump's support in these crucial
states that
he has to win, the Wisconsins,
the Michigans,
the Pennsylvanias, the
Colorados?
And he's at like 36, 38 percent
in a lot of
these states, New Hampshire,
too.
And if he's that low, and you're
trying to
imagine him rising 13 points by
Election Day,
that's super hard to imagine in
all these
different states, unless
something really
big happens.
So this is the week, I think,
that the polls
really shifted, and the whole
nature of the
race shifted as a result.
JUDY WOODRUFF: and Ruth, we know
it's early,
but these polls numbers don't
look good.
What led to this for Donald
Trump?
RUTH MARCUS: Donald Trump led to
this for
Donald Trump.
(LAUGHTER)
RUTH MARCUS: He took a bad week
last week,
when Hillary Clinton had an
excellent convention,
and he -- it seems like ages ago
now -- made
that good convention even more
problematic
for him by talking about the
Russian hacking
into -- encouraging Russian
hacking into her
e-mails.
Then he had a week -- and like
David, you
don't know where to start.
I have never seen a week in
politics where
a candidate, in the course of a
single week,
inflicted more damage on himself
than normal
politicians do in the course of
not just a
regular campaign, but in the
course of an
entire career.
He picked fights with everybody.
He picked fights with a baby.
He picked fights with the
speaker of the House.
He found himself splitting from
his own vice
president.
And he just doesn't -- we have
talked for
a while about Donald Trump and
the pivot,
and the whole Republican Party
has been waiting
for pivot.
And I'm stealing a line from my
colleague
Alexandra Petri here, but
waiting for pivot
with Donald Trump is like
waiting for Godot.
It's not going to come.
And David is exactly right.
This is the week when the polls
started to
catch up with the reality.
And I think what's happening
here is we're
not in the primary campaign
anymore.
We're really in the general
election season.
And these missteps, to be kind
about them,
really do start to have a
cumulative impact.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, David Brooks,
are these
the kind of missteps that can't
be undone?
Is that what you're saying?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, I do think
they're not
missteps in a way, because
they're not errors.
They're him.
I do think we have seen -- we
have seen this
all along from him, two things,
one, incapacity
for empathy.
So, a normal person looks at
Mrs. Khan and
sees a woman in deep pain and
has an instinctual
response of respect and
admiration for what
she has endured and sympathy.
And you respond in a certain
way.
But he's shown an incapacity for
that for
a long time.
And then the second thing is
just an incapacity
to control his own attention and
to say things
that are just inappropriate for
a politician
or inappropriate for a human
being.
And so you get these trains of
thought that
go on where a word sparks off a
thought, that
sparks off a thought, that
sparks off a thought.
And it gives the impression of
someone really
not in control of their own
attention span.
And so these are
characterological.
And I think that is what sent
the shivers
through the Republican Party.
And it's become the subject of
the debate
this week, not did he make a
mistake, but
is this in a sense who he is?
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Ruth, a lot
of people may
be coming to that conclusion,
but there are
still others who are sticking
with Donald
Trump.
RUTH MARCUS: Sure.
Like he told us, he could --
Donald Trump
supporters are Donald Trump
supporters, and
they have stuck with him through
a lot of
things.
As he told us, he could shoot
somebody in
the middle of Fifth Avenue, and
it wouldn't
dissuade them.
But those -- you can win the
Republican nomination
with 10 million voters, 13
million voters.
You cannot win the general
election.
You need 65 million voters for
the general
election.
That's his problem.
When you take an electorate
where he's alienated
big chunks of it, right,
African-Americans
not for Trump, a huge swathe of
the Hispanic
community not for Trump, women,
who make up
more than half of the electorate
-- this week,
we don't even talk about it,
because it was
so minor.
He made these dismissive
comments about sexual
harassment.
If his daughter was sexually
harassed, well,
she should just find another
career or another
job, that's the way to deal with
it.
When you start alienating all
these people,
you are left with a shrinking
pool of voters
to win an election with.
And I want to say one thing
about winning
the election, because among the
many things
that -- I know why the
Republican Party has
shivers up its spine.
What put shivers up my spine
with Donald Trump
this week was his suggestion
that, if he does
lose, that the election will be
rigged, because
I don't think there is evidence
of that.
And that is not the American way
of losing
elections.
When Al Gore lost the election
and the Supreme
Court ruled against him in 2000,
he issued
a gracious statement about how
it was the
time for healing.
Donald Trump in 2012 was
tweeting about the
need for revolution when Mitt
Romney lost.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
RUTH MARCUS: And so I'm very
nervous about
what could happen, not just if
Donald Trump
wins, but if he loses.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, David
Brooks, there presumably
are some Americans who think an
election like
this could be rigged.
Do we think that's why Donald
Trump raised
that?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, his campaign
-- I still
think he's the wrong answer to a
right problem,
that the people who support him,
some of them
are -- have some racist
tendencies, and some
sexist and some very ugliness.
But a lot of people support him
for good reasons.
And we shouldn't totally dismiss
the support
there.
And he did raise $82 million
over the recent
period.
So there is some real fervent
support there.
And they're people who have lost
faith in
the system, and they have lost
faith in America,
and they have lost faith in the
idea that,
if I do A, I will get B, that
the normal chain
of responsibility is working for
them.
And so they -- Ruth is right.
They could take a look at an
election defeat
and decide that the whole system
is rigged
and their level of cynicism
could go up another
notch, if they're -- if that is
inflamed.
And that's the danger that was
Ruth was pointing
to.
I do think there's a problem
here this week
-- because he's not going away,
because he
has this base of support -- for
other Republicans.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
DAVID BROOKS: If he would just
go away, then
they would have an option.
But I do think they can no
longer sustain
the position they have had,
which is, I really
have contempt for this Trump
action, that
Trump statement, and that Trump
statement,
but I still support the guy.
I think that's becoming much
more untenable
for them.
And they have to think of a plan
B.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And that's the
question I really
did want to ask both of you.
Ruth, what about that?
I mean, how long can a number of
these Republicans
who are saying disagree with him
on a number
of things, but I'm still going
to support
him because I don't like Hillary
Clinton?
RUTH MARCUS: Well, the ones who
are up for
reelection are in just a very
exquisitely
difficult situation, because
there is a group
of core Republican Party voters
who will punish
them if they divorce themselves
from Trump,
but there is a group of voters
in the middle
who will punish them if they
don't divorce
themselves from Trump.
So I'm thinking about somebody
like Senator
Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire,
who -- Trump
is down 15 points in her state.
She was down 10 points in a very
close, difficult
race against the governor there,
Maggie Hassan,
for reelection.
What's a Kelly Ayotte to do?
And then you have those sort of
leaders of
the congressional wing, who I
think eventually
will come up with -- and you
started to see
it this week -- come up with a
plan B, much
like with Bob Dole in 1996,
which is to say,
OK, you don't like Trump voters,
but keep
us Republicans in charge to keep
a check on
that dangerous President Clinton
who is coming
in there.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the Senate and
the House.
RUTH MARCUS: In the Senate and
JUDY WOODRUFF: David, I want to
-- I do want
to turn to Hillary Clinton.
We heard Lisa Desjardins's
report sort of
dissecting what Hillary Clinton
said today,
what she said in the past about
these e-mails.
Otherwise, Hillary Clinton has
been a pretty
quiet figure over the last week
or so.
She's been the beneficiary of
Trump's problems.
But how much does this lingering
set of questions
around the e-mails stand to hurt
her?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, her best
move, given what
Trump has been doing in the last
week or two,
is just to be boring.
And she has a capacity to do
that.
So she's been laying low.
I do think that we're now
parsing how many
e-mails, where the C was on the
e-mail.
And Lisa laid it out, for
anybody who wants
to just -- what exactly
happened.
But I do think the damage done
to her, which
is lingering, is just in the
idea of having
a separate server, that the
basic fact of
the situation was that she was
playing outside
the rules.
She has this strong distrust of
the system
at large, and, therefore, she's
building walls
around herself and her e-mails
and her communication.
And so the secretiveness and
incommunicativeness
that has surrounded her the last
couple of
decades is really the core of
this scandal,
not exactly how many servers she
had or what
she said at this press
conference.
And that does certainly link...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Ruth, how do you
see this?
RUTH MARCUS: I'm going to be
harder here on
Hillary Clinton than David was,
because there
is the original sin of not
having a regular
State Department e-mail and the
separate server.
But then there is the second
sin, or I would
call it just political
malpractice of her
inability/refusal to come up
with an honest,
credible, consistent,
non=-parsing explanation
for what was going on here.
So, she took a bad situation,
and she has
consistently and almost every
time she has
addressed this situation, made
it worse, instead
of making it better.
And it just goes to what has
always been her
biggest weakness, which is that
honesty and
trustworthiness.
They started out with a problem,
and they
kept digging that hole.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, David, what
kind of damage
are we talking about for her?
Have we already seen the maximum
damage this
issue could do to her?
Could it grow?
DAVID BROOKS: I don't think it
will grow.
I think we're in the
petering-down phase of
it.
But she's distrusted, and she is
distrusted
largely.
Her favorable/unfavorable is
actually getting
a little better.
So, I think it's -- people have
factored in
that she can lie, that she's
very secretive,
that she's insular, that she is
not the most
super likable person in the
political landscape.
But, right now, it's certainly
not -- and
it's keeping her numbers pretty
low, by the
way.
I talked about how low Trump's
numbers are
in a lot of these states.
Hers are significantly higher,
but they're
not where a Barack Obama, a Bill
Clinton or
George W. Bush or Ronald Reagan
would be.
She is still a significantly
unpopular politician.
She just happens to be the
luckiest politician
in America, running against a
guy who is super
unpopular.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thirty seconds,
Ruth.
RUTH MARCUS: Super unpopular and
super incapable
of containing himself.
So, if somebody had locked
Donald Trump in
a room and taken away his cell
phone this
week, what would we have been
talking about
all week?
E-mails and Hillary Clinton's
interviews.
Instead, we were talking about
the Khans and
everything else.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And there may be
more to talk
about next week.
RUTH MARCUS: There most
certainly will.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Ruth Marcus,
David Brooks,
have a great weekend.
Thank you both.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Finally tonight:
revisiting
a strange kidnapping saga that
captured the
nation's attention back in the
'70s.
Jeffrey Brown has the latest
edition of our
"NewsHour" Bookshelf.
JEFFREY BROWN: On February 4,
1974, 19-year-old
Patty Hearst, granddaughter of
publishing
titan William Randolph Hearst,
was kidnapped
from her home in Berkeley,
California, by
members of a radical group that
called itself
the Symbionese Liberation Army.
It was an event that riveted the
nation, even
more so when, not long after her
abduction,
it began to look as though
Hearst might have
joined the group.
In April, she took part in a
bank robbery.
Hearst was captured in September
1975, more
than a year after six members of
the SLA were
killed in a gun battle with
police in Los
Angeles.
She served almost two years in
prison before
her sentence was commuted by
President Jimmy
Carter.
She later received a full pardon
from President
Clinton.
The incredible story is told
anew in "American
Heiress: The Wild Saga of the
Kidnapping,
Crimes and Trial of Patty
Hearst."
And author Jeffrey Toobin, staff
writer at
"The New Yorker" and legal
analyst for CNN,
joins me now.
Welcome.
JEFFREY TOOBIN, Author,
"American Heiress:
The Wild Saga of the Kidnapping,
Crimes and
Trial of Patty Hearst": Good to
be here.
JEFFREY BROWN: I want to begin
where you do.
It's the strangeness of this
period, the early
1970s, the violence that was
almost routine
in a country at that time that
is difficult
to even remember or imagine.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: Think about one
fact, one
fact alone, 1,000 political
bombings a year
in '72, '73, '74.
Almost inconceivable.
That was what the world was
like.
Skyjackings were epidemic.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: You had an
actual revolutionary
movement in this country that,
while never
likely to succeed, was
disrupting the country,
especially Northern California,
in a way that's
it's just hard to believe.
JEFFREY BROWN: I was just even
thinking about
the opening of the Olympics, of
course, in
1972 was the Munich Olympics,
right, what
happened there.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: Of course.
JEFFREY BROWN: That the world...
JEFFREY TOOBIN: And Watergate
and the energy
crisis, nervous breakdown
collectively for
the country.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
Yes.
All right.
So, when you start thinking
about Patty Hearst
-- and you say it -- the central
question,
right, which side was she on, in
a sense?
Before all this happened, there
was no hint
of politics in her?
JEFFREY TOOBIN: She was a kid.
She was 19 years old.
And she was utterly unknown to
her kidnappers,
except that she was a Hearst and
a student
at Cal.
But what they didn't know is
that she was
at a very restless moment in her
life.
She was engaged to be married to
Steven Weed,
who she was living, but unhappy,
starting
to develop a bit of political
consciousness.
And after those few first days
of terror -- and
they were horrible days of
terror -- she did
become receptive to their
appeals.
JEFFREY BROWN: The Symbionese
Liberation Army,
the kidnappers, right, in your
telling, no
real plan of what they wanted to
do, no -- a
kind of vague revolutionary
ideology of the
time, but they had killed.
They were quite serious in their
intent.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: They had killed
the Oakland
school superintendent in a mad
act, a heroic
African-American educator named
Marcus Foster.
But several of the SLA members
came out of
the Indiana University theater
program.
And they did have a sense of
guerrilla theater
about them.
They knew how to put on a show.
And that's why they were so
captivating to
the nation.
They had no real plan for what
they were going
to do more than 24 hours ahead.
But during each act, they knew
how to get
a lot of attention.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, so come
back to this
early period of her capture.
So many questions about what
happened, right?
JEFFREY TOOBIN: Right.
JEFFREY BROWN: There were
questions then and
now about sexual abuse, rape.
In her telling, rape happened,
that she had
a -- sexual relationship with
one of them.
What do you conclude about what
took place,
did she turn, why she turned?
JEFFREY TOOBIN: Well, certainly,
in the immediate
aftermath of the kidnapping,
this was pure
terrorism, and she had no part
in it, she
had no foreknowledge.
But after a few weeks, there was
a bond that
developed between Patricia and
her kidnappers.
And if you look at the range of
her activities,
from her kidnapping in February
of '74, the
robbery of the Hibernia Bank
with the very
familiar photographs of her with
the machine
gun, all the way to her arrest
in September
of '75, almost a year-and-a-half
later, the
enormous numbers of crimes she
committed,
three bank robberies, one in
which a woman
was killed, shooting up a street
in Los Angeles,
bombings that she participated
in, in San
Francisco, and the multiple,
multiple opportunities
she had to escape, I conclude
that she did,
in fact, voluntarily join the
SLA.
JEFFREY BROWN: This is not her
version, right?
JEFFREY TOOBIN: This is not.
JEFFREY BROWN: She has written
her own book.
She didn't want to talk to you.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: Right.
She says she was coerced and
lived in fear
for every moment, and wasn't a
voluntary participant
in any crimes.
JEFFREY BROWN: And I note that
you -- you
don't want to use words like
brainwashing
or Stockholm syndrome.
You don't want to go there.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: No, because
those terms are
journalistic terms.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: They're not
medical terms.
And I don't even think they're
useful in describing
what went on in her life.
I think what happened with her
is, she made
rational choices at each step in
the process.
It made sense to her, as it
might make sense
to other 19-year-olds, to join
in.
Then -- and after she was
arrested, it made
sense for her to say, the hell
with all this
stuff.
I want to go back -- be a Hearst
again.
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, and
just briefly,
in our last minute, the
sentence, as I said,
was commuted by President
Carter.
She was pardoned by President
Clinton.
You see this as an extreme case
of privilege,
really, for a wealthy person.
And that's what she went back to
being in
a sense, right?
JEFFREY TOOBIN: She is the only
person in
American history to receive a
commutation
from one president and a pardon
from another.
And perhaps the most bizarre
fact about this
whole story is that she went
back to the life
she was always going to lead,
sort of a wealthy
socialite homemaker with a few
exotic hobbies.
She made a few movies, but now
she raises
dogs, show dogs.
She's a grandmother.
And this is the life she was
going to lead.
JEFFREY BROWN: The book is
"American Heiress."
Jeffrey Toobin, thank you very
much.
JEFFREY TOOBIN: Thanks for
having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online right
now: Marilyn Monroe's death 54
years ago reminds
us that long before today's
opioid epidemic,
there were plenty of
prescription drugs that
could be abused with deadly
results.
Medical historian Howard Markel
offers up
a cautionary tale in his
retelling of the
Hollywood icon's demise.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
Gwen Ifill is preparing for
"Washington Week,"
which airs later this evening --
Gwen.
GWEN IFILL: Hello, Judy.
Gold Star parents, a mysterious
videotape,
sexual harassment policy,
Republicans jumping
ship, and a debate over who's
fit to be president,
not exactly the week Donald
Trump supporters
were hoping for.
But along with a raft of new
polls, it's exactly
what Hillary Clinton wanted.
We talk about the week's big
steps and missteps
tonight on "Washington Week" --
Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we will be
watching.
Thanks.
And on "PBS NewsHour" Saturday:
once thriving
ecosystems now struggling to
survive.
Here's a preview.
NARRATOR: There are 800 to 1,000
dolphins
living in the lagoon at any
given time.
Many are infected with E. coli
and antibiotic-resistant
bacteria commonly found in human
sewage from
septic tanks.
BRIAN LAPOINTE, Harbor Branch
Oceanographic
Institute: One septic tank by
itself isn't
a problem, but when you have
high densities
of septic tanks, thousands or,
in some cases,
tens of thousands in poor soil
conditions
close to a sensitive water body
like the Indian
River Lagoon, then you have got
a big problem.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That's tomorrow
night on "PBS
NewsHour Weekend."
And we will be back right here
on Monday with
a look at how Buffalo, New York,
long a haven
for refugees, is tackling the
psychological
needs of those coming from
Syria.
That's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you, and good night.